Operating Instructions:

1) Once Header Tags SEO is installed, go to admin->Header Tags SEO->Fill Tags,
   select the Fill All option in all three columns on that page and click
   Update. This option will fill in all of the titles and meta tags for all 
   categories, manufacturers and products. If you already have tags set up that
   you don't want overwritten then you should select the Fill Empty option instead.
   
2) Go to admin->Header Tags SEO->Page Control. You will see a Default section at
   the right of the page with osCommerce related text in the three string boxes.
   This section contains text that will be used on pages that do not have a 
   specific page added for it but does have Header Tags code installed in the file. 
   Change the strings to match your site. Here is a brief guide as to what should 
   be entered:
   
   Title: List your main keywords as
    Keyword1 - Keyword2 - Keyword3

   Description: A human readable sentence using your main keywords like
    We sell keyword1, keyword2 and keyword3.

   Keywords: A list of your keywords as
    Keyword1, Keyword2, Keyword3  
    
   Logo Text: The same as or similar to the above Description. This text will 
   appear in the rollover text of the logo, unless overridden by the individual
   page settings. 

   Extra Logo Text: At the end of the box for the logo in Page Control is a radio
   button. Clicking on that will open a dialog where extra text can be entered.
   That is meant to allow setting the alt text for other images in the logo. You 
   will need to edit the code for those extra images using the same instructions
   as given for the main logo text in includes/header.php. Just be sure to change
   the code to use the right field. So instead of using $header_tags_array['logo_text'],
   you would use $header_tags_array['logo_text_1'].

   Note that the order of the keywords should stay the same in all of the above.
   
3) On the left side, there is a dropdown for all of the available pages. An available
   page is one that has Header Tags code in the <head> section, which happens
   during the installation. The entry in the list named index.php contains the 
   title and meta tags for the home page. Do the same for it, as above for the 
   default settings but make this information specific to your home page. This 
   should be setup for each page you want unique tags on. The options should also
   be set (see below). 
   
4) Go to admin->catalog, click on a category and then on edit. At the bottom of 
   the edit section to the right, you will see a large box for Categories Description. 
   The text you enter here will appear under the title on the category page for 
   this category. This is useful for your customers but is also good for the search
   engines, as long as the text contains mention of the keyword for that page 
   (which is usually the category name).
   
5) Go to admin->Catalog->Manufacturers and do the same as in step 4.    

6) Go to admin->Configuration->Header Tags SEO and setup the various options to
   your liking.
   
7) Set the options. When you go to admin->Header Tags SEO->Page Control and select
   a page to edit, you will see a number of options. They are described here. It
   is important to note that it is possible to turn off all options for a page.
   That will probably break your shop and should not be done.
   
   Default Title: If checked, the title entered in the default section on the 
   right will be added to the title of this page.  	 	
	
   Default Description: If checked, the description entered in the default section 
   on the right will be added to the description of this page.
    		
   Default Keywords: If checked, the keywords entered in the default section on 
   the right will be added to the keywords of this page.	
	
   Default Logo: If checked, the logo text entered in the default section on the 
   right will be added to the logo text of this page (see above note in step 2). 		
   
   Category: If checked, the applicable category title will be added to the title,
   description, keywords and logo text for this page. Not all pages will be able
   to display a category so if this option is set for such a page, it will just
   be ignored. 		
	
   Manufacturer: If checked, the applicable manufacturer title will be added to 
   the title, description, keywords and logo text for this page. Not all pages 
   will be able to display a manufacturer so if this option is set for such a 
   page, it will just be ignored. 		
			
   Product: If checked, the applicable product title will be added to the title,
   description, keywords and logo text for this page. Not all pages will be able
   to display a product so if this option is set for such a page, it will just
   be ignored. 		

   Root: If checked, the text in the title, description, meta tags and logo text
   boxes for this page will be added to those items for the page. The root is
   considered the basic text for the page. It is not required but should be 
   checked for the index.php page or the title may not appear there. 
   
8) Set the Sort Order. For each of the above options, there is a box next to the 
   checkbox. This is for setting the sort order of the items. If both the category
   and manufacturer checkboxes are checked on the product_info.php page and their
   sort orders are 3 and 1, respectively, then the manufacturer title will
   be shown before the category title. if the Product checkbox is also set and 
   its sort order is 2, then the products title will appear between the manufacturer
   and category titles.         
   
That's basically it. Go to your shop and click around. If you see something that 
is not to your liking, it can be edited in admin.  
    
            
