Making the best of Header Tags SEO:

Installing Header Tags SEO will help the ratings for your category and product pages
out of the box, just by installing it. This is because the installation pre-fills 
the tags for these items, if you ran fill_tags, with your products name, which in 
turn causes those pages to be setup correctly for the search engines. This, by itself, 
is enough to improve the position in the SERP's (search engine result pages) for 
those pages and is the reason that many shop owners find their product pages listed 
before their home page.

So how do you make Header Tags SEO work for the other pages of your site? Here is a
brief overview of what you need to do to properly set up a page of your site.

First, you need to know what your keyword or key phase is (referenced as KW hereafter).
The whole page should be built around your KW. The KW should be picked by researching 
how many searches have been done on it. 

Once you have selected two or three KW's, it is time to set up the title and meta tags.
A common mistake by many shop owners is that they make the title of the page the same 
as the domain name. Unless the domain name was chosen with the KW in mind, this is 
almost always a mistake. In admin->Header Tags->Page Control, find the section named 
index. Change the Title entry to start with your KW. 

The meta description tag should also start with your keyword when possible. I say when 
possible because this description may end up in a search engine listing so you want it 
to sound enticing to people viewing it. Don't just throw a few words together with the 
intent of improving your odds with the search engines. What people read will convince 
them much more than a few places different in the listings.

The meta keyword tag needs to include your two or three keywords, starting with your main
one. Here is another spot where beginners, and some old-timers, make a common mistake. The 
HTML coding standard allows you to place many keywords in this tag. However, that does not 
mean you should do it. In fact, for each page of your web site, you should not have more 
than two or three words in this tag. Of course, the words for the different pages should 
also be different. Also note that each keyword or phase is comma separated.

After you have finished with all of the above, your home page should have a title that begins
with your KW, your meta description tag should start with your KW or at least contain it in
the wording, your meta keywords should start with your KW and not contain more than three
comma separated words or phases. You will need to do this on each page you want to have listed
in the search engine result pages. The more you have listed, the better. But remember that 
each page has to be unique so that means that the above has to be done for each page, 
including picking out new KW's. Doing this is not quick work but it will pay off with a better 
position for your shop.
